## Moodle 3.10.6 docker raw image
---

#### Frederico Sales <frederico.sales@uab.ufjf.br>

[CEAD - UFJF](http://ead.cead.ufjf.br)

### Moodle

Moodle is the world's most popular learning management system. Start creating
your online learning site in minutes!

#### Create safe, accessible and engaging online learning

Moodle LMS, the open source learning management system used by hundreds of
millions of learners worldwide, is the heart of the world’s most customisable
and trusted online learning solution. Flexible and customisable, Moodle is your
end-to-end learning platform for K-12 schools, vocational training, higher
education and workplace training.

### Get started with Moodle LMS

#### Moodle Workplace

Transform workplace learning with the world’s most flexible and trusted LMS and
streamline onboarding, workplace learning, compliance management and automation
of common processes.

#### Moodle App

Improve how you connect and take Moodle with you, wherever you go.

### Moodle WorkplaceTM features

#### Programs/Learning Paths

Maximise content reutilisation with Shared Programs and establish training paths
for employees. Managers can group courses and content into programs and allocate
them to multiple teams or learners. They can also view progress reports for
their teams in the dashboard while learners track progress with their assigned
programs or courses on their dashboards.

[Watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_CMgdbnxP8)

#### Certifications

Create recurring and automated certifications for programs that need to be
retaken within a defined validity period and keep your employee certifications
and compliance training up to date.

[Watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQeL9mQJMj0)

#### Competency Frameworks

Use Dynamic Rules to get your competency-driven strategy to the next level. You
can automate the granting of competencies based on tailored rules plus associate
actions to a competency or a set of competencies such as issuing a certificate
once a competency or multiple competencies are achieved.

#### Organisational Structure

Adapt the platform to your company structure defining roles and hierarchies that
automatically create reporting lines. Assign management rights and security
permissions to each role then automate tasks based on departments and positions,
and define tailored audiences for your reports.

[Watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-vx7SL2Q20)

#### Multi-Tenant Architecture

Multi-tenant architecture allows you to give each of your divisions, departments
or franchises their own full LMS platform with custom permissions so you can
delegate the LMS management to the people actually doing the job. Sharing
content across all tenants is easy using shared spaces. With Moodle Workplace
each tenant in the same site can connect to its own authentication providers.

[Watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbJwSzHSJKk)

---
